Add note about blocked tool comm port (#1904)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver: ur_robot_driver/doc/setup_tool_communication.rst

After installing the URCap the robot will expose its tool communication device to the network.

.. note::

>    On some versions of PolyScope 5, the tool communication port (54321) is disabled by default. To check if this is the case, go to the **Hamburger Menu** -> **Settings** -> **Security** -> **General**, and ensure port 54321 is not disabled in the fields under **Inbound Connections**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you cannot connect to the network-exposed communication port, please make sure that the robot isn't configured to block inbound connections.. To check if this is the case, go to the **Hamburger Menu** -> **Settings** -> **Security** -> **General**, and ensure port 54321 is not disabled in the fields under **Inbound Connections**.
```
